# Video-Gaming-Revenue
Playing and discussing video games has become a customary and important part of everyday life. Experts report that the “video game industry brought in a colossal $150 billion in revenue in 2020, and it’s estimated that there are 2.7 billion gamers across the globe.” (Field Level Media). Thus, we asked ourselves this question: What types of video games are people playing today? We attempted to answer that and other questions about video game sales, trends, and scores around the world. For our data science research project, our research question was: What are the best selling games in the modern history of gaming according to game sales and scores? With this question in mind, we examined the most sold games from a global perspective as our team analyzed the game’s genre, platform, regional sales, and the year of release. In addition, our information about game publishers and platforms were obtained from public datasets. Diving deeper into our investigation of our research question, we had five sub-questions that we attempted to answer to assist us in our understanding of what we were researching. Those five questions were: How has the total sales of games changed over time? What does the video game landscape look like today? Are critic scores consistent with the sales of the best selling games? Do critics and regular gamers prefer different genres of games? What is the relationship between critic scores and global sales of games? All these questions are areas that our team concluded that were important in determining whether there is significant correlation between video game sales and people’s preference of video games. 
